+++
title = "Enterprise Perception System"
description = "Introduction to the Enterprise Perception System concept"
date = 2021-05-01T08:00:00+00:00
updated = 2021-05-01T08:00:00+00:00
draft = false
weight = 30
sort_by = "weight"
template = "docs/page.html"

[extra]
lead = "An Enterprise Perception System is an information system designed to fulfill an organisation's assessment capability."
toc = true
top = false
+++

An Enterprise Perception System collects data from various sources, such as sensors, cameras, and other devices, and assesses this data to assist an organisation with making decisions. The system has agents (people or machines) to help make sense of this data, and has the following subsystems to function:

* ***Data Source*** by which the system collects data necessary to conduct the assessments
* ***Taxonomy*** by which the system tracks concepts important to the organisation that are present in the data
* ***Assessment Designer*** where assessment managers can design an assessment process
* ***Agent Development*** where assessment managers can develop agents to work on a particular assessment task. This can involve training people or machines to perform the assessment task.
* ***Agent Management*** where assessment managers can deploy agents to work and manage the work that they do.
* ***Assessment Tool*** by which agents can conduct assessments through collaboration with other agents.
* ***Evaluation*** where assessment managers can evaluate the performance (eg., accuracy, efficiency, cost) of an agent's assessments.
* ***Reports and Visualisations*** where users can review the aggregate information generated by the assessments. This can come in various forms such as a tables, maps or charts.
